I'll take a potato chip and EAT IT! - Light Yagami(Death Note)
People die if they are killed - Shirou Emiya(Fate Stay Night)
Just because you are correct doesn't mean you are right - Shirou Emiya(Fate Stay Night UBW)
He's not gonna die because of a little thing like being killed - Erica Blandelli(Campione) 
We should use logical thinking to think logically - Tamanawa(Oregairu)
Did you really think that killing me would be enough to make me die? - Anos Voldigoad(The Misfit of Demon king Academy)
I say it once more, be proud to be weak. We are the noble weak who have throughout history torn out the throats of those fools who sit idling by and boaster their strength.-Sora(No Game No Life) 
A life that lives without doing anything is the same as a slow death- Lelouch Vi Britannia(Code Geass) 
If you wanna make people dream, you’ve gotta start by believing in that dream yourself - Seiya Kanie(Amagi Brilliant Park)
Just as bravery and recklessness differ, so too do caution and cowardice. If I remain a coward, i’ll fail to protect the things I care about - Iwatani Naofumi(Rising of the Shield Hero)
Don't ever give up. Even if its painful, even if it’s agonizing, don't try to take the easy way out - Zenitsu Agatsuma(Demon Slayer) 
Don't worry about what other people think. Hold your head up high and plunge forward - Izuku Midoriya(My Hero Academia)
No amount of natural talent trumps hard work -Rin Matsuoka(Free) 
Is that really the limit of your strength? Could the you of tomorrow beat you today? Instead of giving in, move forward -Saitama(One Punch Man)
What you can't accomplish alone, becomes doable when you're with someone else -Taichi Yaegashi(Kokoro Connect)
Don't give up! There is no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again! - Midorima Shintarou(Kuroko no Basket)
True, I've given up on the real world. However, I haven't given up on myself. The world doesn't get to decide whether my life is boring, fun, or ordinary. That's my decision to make. As long as I have the will, nothing is impossible.- Katsuragi Keima(The world god only knows)
Everyone will always question your ideals. That's simply reality - Katsuragi Keima(The world god only knows)
It is important to draw wisdom from different places. If you take from only one place it becomes rigid and stale - Uncle Iroh(Avatar the last airbender)
Stop pitying yourself. Pity yourself and life becomes an endless nightmare - Osamu Dazai(Bungo Stray Dogs) 
They say that fools learn from their experiences, while the wise learn from history. - Nobuchika Ginoza(Psycho Pass)
The opposite of boredom is not pleasure, but excitement. People will gladly seek out any kind of excitement, even pain - Shigo Makishima(Psycho Pass)
In order to measure a person's worth you must do more than push them. The real way to test their worth is to give them power. When they gain the freedom to act outside the boundaries of law and ethics, you can sometimes see their souls - Shigo Makishima(Psycho Pass)
Shinzou wo sasageyo- Erwin Smith(Attack on titan)
Whatever you do, enjoy it to the fullest. That is the secret of life. - Rider(Fate/Zero)
Talent is something you make bloom, instinct is something you polish - Tooru Oikawa(Haikyuu) 
How can you move forward if you keep regretting the past? - Edward Elric(Fullmetal Alchemist) 